Create a new nested folder (#1004)
contao/docs: docs/manual/file-manager/file-manager.en.md

**![Move file or directory](/de/icons/cut.svg?classes=icon) Move:** Moves a file or folder.

**![Delete file or directory](/de/icons/delete.svg?classes=icon) Delete:** Deletes a file or folder.

**![Show details of the file or folder](/de/icons/show.svg?classes=icon) information:** Show details of the file or 
folder.

**![Upload files to the folder](/de/icons/new.svg?classes=icon) Upload:** Upload files to the folder.

**![Edit file](/de/icons/editor.svg?classes=icon) Edit file:** Opens a form to edit the contents of a file with a text 
editor. Which files may be edited can be defined in the configuration file 
[`config/config.yml`](/en/system/settings/#config-yml) under the key `editable_files` <sup>1</sup>.

{{% notice note %}}
<sup>1</sup>Until version 4.6 of Contao, this could be set in the system settings under "Files and Images-&gt; 
Editable files".
{{% /notice %}}

**![Move file or directory](/de/icons/drag.svg?classes=icon) Move:** Move a file or folder using drag and drop.

## Create a new nested folder

{{< version "4.13" >}}

![Create nested folders](/de/file-manager/images/en/folder-name.gif?classes=shadow)

> In the file manager, folder names can now be entered with a slash to create multiple, nested folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the file manager, folder names can now be entered with slashes to create multiple, nested folders.
```
